Steven Spielberg presents Back to the Future, a Robert Zemeckis film.
Marty leads an ordinary life.
No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley.
The history is going to change.
And 1985 is not his year.
But Dr. Brown is about to change all that.
Are you telling me that you built a time machine?
What about the warrior?
He's sending Marty 30 years back in time.
It works!
It's a floating saucer from outer space!
Now he's trapped in the past.
He's got to be a dream.
About to meet.
Chocolate.
His future father.
He's a baby.
He's tough.
Wow!
And he's making an impression on his mother.
He's an absolute dream.
And he can sleep in my room.
And if you do, can I have series repercussions on future events?
Now he's got to make his mother and father fall in love.
It's quite a lot.
I haven't even been born yet.
And only Dr. Brown can help him get back to the future.
Are you telling me that this sucker is nuclear?
Precisely.
Michael J. Fox.
Whoa, this is heavy.
Christopher Lloyd.
There's that word again, heavy.
Why are things so heavy in the future?
Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull?
Back to the future.